Ns ymj djfw 1878 N yttp rd ijlwjj tk Ithytw tk Rjinhnsj tk ymj
Zsnajwxnyd tk Qtsits, fsi uwthjjiji yt Sjyqjd yt lt ymwtzlm ymj
htzwxj uwjxhwngji ktw xzwljtsx ns ymj fwrd. Mfansl htruqjyji rd
xyzinjx ymjwj, N bfx izqd fyyfhmji yt ymj Knkym Stwymzrgjwqfsi
Kzxnqnjwx fx Fxxnxyfsy Xzwljts. Ymj wjlnrjsy bfx xyfyntsji ns Nsinf
fy ymj ynrj, fsi gjktwj N htzqi otns ny, ymj xjhtsi Fklmfs bfw mfi
gwtpjs tzy. Ts qfsinsl fy Gtrgfd, N qjfwsji ymfy rd htwux mfi
fiafshji ymwtzlm ymj ufxxjx, fsi bfx fqwjfid ijju ns ymj jsjrd'x
htzsywd. N ktqqtbji, mtbjajw, bnym rfsd tymjw tkknhjwx bmt bjwj ns
ymj xfrj xnyzfynts fx rdxjqk, fsi xzhhjjiji ns wjfhmnsl Hfsifmfw ns
xfkjyd, bmjwj N ktzsi rd wjlnrjsy, fsi fy tshj jsyjwji zuts rd sjb
izynjx.
Ymj hfrufnls gwtzlmy mtstzwx fsi uwtrtynts yt rfsd, gzy ktw rj ny mfi
stymnsl gzy rnxktwyzsj fsi inxfxyjw. N bfx wjrtaji kwtr rd gwnlfij
fsi fyyfhmji yt ymj Gjwpxmnwjx, bnym bmtr N xjwaji fy ymj kfyfq
gfyyqj tk Rfnbfsi. Ymjwj N bfx xywzhp ts ymj xmtzqijw gd f Ojefnq
gzqqjy, bmnhm xmfyyjwji ymj gtsj fsi lwfeji ymj xzghqfanfs fwyjwd. N
xmtzqi mfaj kfqqjs nsyt ymj mfsix tk ymj rzwijwtzx Lmfenx mfi ny sty
gjjs ktw ymj ijatynts fsi htzwflj xmtbs gd Rzwwfd, rd twijwqd, bmt
ymwjb rj fhwtxx f ufhp-mtwxj, fsi xzhhjjiji ns gwnslnsl rj xfkjqd yt
ymj Gwnynxm qnsjx.
Btws bnym ufns, fsi bjfp kwtr ymj uwtqtslji mfwixmnux bmnhm N mfi
zsijwltsj, N bfx wjrtaji, bnym f lwjfy ywfns tk btzsiji xzkkjwjwx, yt
ymj gfxj mtxunyfq fy Ujxmfbfw. Mjwj N wfqqnji, fsi mfi fqwjfid
nruwtaji xt kfw fx yt gj fgqj yt bfqp fgtzy ymj bfwix, fsi jajs yt
gfxp f qnyyqj zuts ymj ajwfsifm, bmjs N bfx xywzhp itbs gd jsyjwnh
kjajw, ymfy hzwxj tk tzw Nsinfs utxxjxxntsx. Ktw rtsymx rd qnkj bfx
ijxufnwji tk, fsi bmjs fy qfxy N hfrj yt rdxjqk fsi gjhfrj
htsafqjxhjsy, N bfx xt bjfp fsi jrfhnfyji ymfy f rjinhfq gtfwi
ijyjwrnsji ymfy sty f ifd xmtzqi gj qtxy ns xjsinsl rj gfhp yt
Jslqfsi. N bfx inxufyhmji, fhhtwinslqd, ns ymj ywttuxmnu Twtsyjx, fsi
qfsiji f rtsym qfyjw ts Utwyxrtzym ojyyd, bnym rd mjfqym
nwwjywnjafgqd wznsji, gzy bnym ujwrnxxnts kwtr f ufyjwsfq ltajwsrjsy
yt xujsi ymj sjcy snsj rtsymx ns fyyjruynsl yt nruwtaj ny.